Describe situation in which images without width/height are not lazy-loaded (#4273) (#5090)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/fast/browser-level-image-lazy-loading/index.md

The best practice of setting dimensions applies to `<img>` tags regardless of whether or not they are being loaded lazily. With lazy-loading, this can become more relevant. Setting `width` and `height` on images in modern browsers also allows browsers to infer their intrinsic size.

> In most scenarios images will still lazy-load if dimensions are not included, but there are a few edge-cases you should be aware of. Without `width`/`height` specified, their dimensions are `0x0` at first. If you have a gallery of such images, all of them may fit inside the viewport at start (as each takes up basically no space and no image is pushed offscreen). As I'm sure you can guess, in this case the browser determines that all of them are visible to the user and decides to load everything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most scenarios images still lazy-load if dimensions are not included, but there are a few edge-cases you should be aware of. Without `width`/`height` specified, their dimensions are 0 × 0 pixels at first. If you have a gallery of such images, all of them may fit inside the viewport at start (as each takes up basically no space and no image is pushed offscreen). In this case the browser determines that all of them are visible to the user and decides to load everything.
```

Author: Committed the suggestion then squashed.

> In most scenarios images still lazy-load if dimensions are not included, but there are a few edge-cases you should be aware of. Without `width`/`height` specified, their dimensions are 0 × 0 pixels at first. If you have a gallery of such images, all of them may fit inside the viewport at start (as each takes up basically no space and no image is pushed offscreen). In this case the browser determines that all of them are visible to the user and decides to load everything.
> 
> Also, [specifying them decreases the chance of layout shift](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-d_SoCHeWE). If you are unable to include dimensions for your images, lazy-loading them can be a trade-off between saving network resources and potentially being more at risk of layout shift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In most scenarios images still lazy-load if dimensions are not included, but there are a few edge cases you should be aware of. Without `width` and `height` specified, image dimensions are 0×0 pixels at first. If you have a gallery of such images, the browser may conclude that all of them fit inside the viewport at the start, as each takes up practically no space and no image is pushed offscreen. In this case the browser determines that all of them are visible to the user and decides to load everything.

Also, [specifying image dimensions decreases the chances of layout shifts happening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-d_SoCHeWE). If you are unable to include dimensions for your images, lazy-loading them can be a trade-off between saving network resources and potentially being more at risk of layout shift.
```
